README.md, before:

# juice-contracts-v2

## Develop

To deploy the contracts to a local blockchain, run the following:

```bash
yarn chain --network hardhat
```

To run tests:

```bash
yarn test
```

### Coverage

To check current test coverage:

```bash
node --require esm ./node_modules/.bin/hardhat coverage --network hardhat
```

A few notes:
* Hardhat doesn't support [esm](https://nodejs.org/api/esm.html) yet, hence running manually with node.
* We are currently using a forked version of [solidity-coverage](https://www.npmjs.com/package/solidity-coverage) that includes optimizer settings. Ideally we will move to the maintained version after this is fixed on their end.

## Deploy

Juicebox uses the [Hardhat Deploy](https://github.com/wighawag/hardhat-deploy) plugin to deploy contracts to a given network. But before using it, you must create a `./mnemonic.txt` file containing the mnemonic phrase of the wallet used to deploy. You can generate a new mnemonic using [this tool](https://github.com/itinance/mnemonics). Generate a mnemonic at your own risk.

Then, to execute the `./deploy/deploy.js` script, run the following:

```bash
npx hardhat deploy --network $network
```

Contract artifacts will be outputted to `./deployments/$network/**` and should be checked in to the repo.

## Verification

To verify the contracts on [Etherscan](https://etherscan.io), make sure you have an `ETHERSCAN_API_KEY` set in your `./.env` file. Then run the following:

```bash
npx hardhat --network $network etherscan-verify
```

This will verify all of the deployed contracts in `./deployments`.

Commit message:

Initial Foundry setup (#47)
* foundry

* Fix: stack too deep (#48)

* Foundry deploy

* Organization

* Clean up

* Gitignore

* Workflow

* Yarn install

* Check in remappings

* Optimize?

* contracts?

* hardhat

* Force

* -

* import DSTests for assertions; added to TestBaseWorkFlow.sol

* feat: add structs to base

* fix: missing struct import

* fix: typo + ITerminal

* EVM cheat codes + launch project (#97)

* bug: funding cycle number 0 ?

* fix: launchProject

* fix: global init

* feat: example fuzz weight launchProject

* feat: deployAll for contract absed setUp

* feat: foundry.toml wih current config

* send arg as struct (#93)

* removed (#94)

* Deploy/rinkeby 2 (#95)

* deployed with adjusted script to accomodate repdeploys

* version bump

* deploy protocol project in deploy script (#96)

* fix: inheritance tree

Co-authored-by: jango <77952627+mejango@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: mejango <mejango@protonmail.com>
Co-authored-by: dhyon <hyperformance@gmail.com>

* fix up unit tests + remove unused var in contract

* some clean up

* wip

* turn on CI on branch

* Revert "wip" for cleaner PR's

This reverts commit 58560642fc77daffc3a72b4cc733ac46dd45d976.

Co-authored-by: DrGorilla_md <83670532+drgorillamd@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: dhyon <hyperformance@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: DrGorilla_md <dr_gorilla@protonmail.com>
Co-authored-by: jango <77952627+mejango@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: mejango <mejango@protonmail.com>

README.md, after:

# juice-contracts-v2

## Develop

To deploy the contracts to a local blockchain, run the following:

```bash
yarn chain --network hardhat
```

### Unit Tests

```bash
yarn test
```

### System Tests

We are currently in the process of writing system tests with [Foundry](https://github.com/gakonst/foundry). Hop in the Discord if you want to help out with this iniative!

To get set up:

1. Install [Foundry](https://github.com/gakonst/foundry).

2. Build the contracts:

```bash
forge build
```

3. Run tests:

```bash
forge test
```

Resources:
* [Forge guide](https://onbjerg.github.io/foundry-book/forge)

### Coverage

To check current test coverage:

```bash
node --require esm ./node_modules/.bin/hardhat coverage --network hardhat
```

A few notes:
* Hardhat doesn't support [esm](https://nodejs.org/api/esm.html) yet, hence running manually with node.
* We are currently using a forked version of [solidity-coverage](https://www.npmjs.com/package/solidity-coverage) that includes optimizer settings. Ideally we will move to the maintained version after this is fixed on their end.

## Deploy

Juicebox uses the [Hardhat Deploy](https://github.com/wighawag/hardhat-deploy) plugin to deploy contracts to a given network. But before using it, you must create a `./mnemonic.txt` file containing the mnemonic phrase of the wallet used to deploy. You can generate a new mnemonic using [this tool](https://github.com/itinance/mnemonics). Generate a mnemonic at your own risk.

Then, to execute the `./deploy/deploy.js` script, run the following:

```bash
npx hardhat deploy --network $network
```

Contract artifacts will be outputted to `./deployments/$network/**` and should be checked in to the repo.

## Verification

To verify the contracts on [Etherscan](https://etherscan.io), make sure you have an `ETHERSCAN_API_KEY` set in your `./.env` file. Then run the following:

```bash
npx hardhat --network $network etherscan-verify
```

This will verify all of the deployed contracts in `./deployments`.
